Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-csc20-programming-concepts-and-methodology-ii-lab-07
<br>
<strong>Objective: </strong>

The objective of this lab is to get you some experience in <strong>testing</strong>, <strong>debugging</strong> and <strong>exception handling</strong>.

The lab assignment:

<ol>

 <li>Test your infix evaluator program with the following test cases.</li>

</ol>




<ol>

 <li>12 + (34 – 56) * 78 )</li>

 <li>12 + (( 34-56) * 78</li>

 <li>12 + 34 56</li>

 <li>12 + * 34</li>

</ol>




<ol start="2">

 <li>Obviously, you will either get an exception or wrong output for each of the test cases.</li>

</ol>




<ol start="3">

 <li>If the test case produces an exception, you can locate the error from the <strong>call stack trace </strong>generated by the JVM. Example,</li>

</ol>




Exception in thread “main” java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1         at StackQueue.Stack.pop(Stack.java:10)         at infix.evaluePostfix(infix.java:59)         at infix.main(infix.java:83)




<ol start="4">

 <li>Insert code into your program to catch the exception and, throw, catch, and print your own exceptions.</li>

</ol>




<ol start="5">

 <li>If the test case doesn’t produce any exception, use jdb to step through you program in order to locate the error.</li>

</ol>




<ol start="6">

 <li>Insert some error checking code to throw, catch, and print your own exceptions</li>

</ol>




<ol start="7">

 <li>Your new program should produce outputs similar to the following.</li>

</ol>




D:lab05&gt;java infix2

Enter infix: 12 + (34 – 56) * 78 )

***** Too many ) *****

Enter infix: 12 + (( 34-56) * 78

***** Too many ( *****

Enter infix: 12 + 34 56

Postfix is 12 34 56


***** Too many operands *****

Enter infix: 12 + * 34

Postfix is 12 34 *


***** Too many operators *****




<strong> </strong>

<strong> </strong>

<strong> </strong>




<strong>Notes: </strong>




<ol>

 <li>You must use jdb for at least one test case.</li>

</ol>




<ol>

 <li>Open two athena windows.</li>

 <li>In one window, do java -Xdebug -Xrunjdwp:transport=dt_socket,server=y,address=20000 infix</li>

 <li>In the other window, do jdb -attach 20000</li>

</ol>




<ol start="2">

 <li>Use command script to record a jdb session.</li>

</ol>




<ol start="3">

 <li>To get whole credit for this lab:</li>

</ol>




<ol>

 <li>Demo with the four test cases and “12+34*(56-7)-18/9”.</li>

 <li>Turn in a hardcopy of infix.java.</li>

 <li>Email a softcopy of <em>java</em> and the file <em>typescript</em>.</li>

</ol>


